# intern-override-metadata
Metadata for Project Intern

The systems for metadata in all our platforms will always have inconsistancies, missing data, etc. Project Intern lets
users connect their github accounts to Refracture in order to report these issues and or suggest changes to the media's metadata

Usage: In extra tab (・・・) there will be an option to Report/Suggest Metadata when you are connected to your github account. This will then bring up a menu where you can either write out the problem, or change specific parts of the metadata your self via a user friendly GUI (suggesting) which will change it for *you* and ask the mods whether or not it can be pushed globaly. 

Intentional Spam/Trolling 3 times will result in mods blocking/ignoring your submitions. 

Karma System: When connected to the discord for refracture (and connected via discord) you can earn karma for reporting/fixing false metadata. When you reach enough karma and trust of the mods you will be added as a MetMod (metadata moderator). This will allow you to lock certain media from being reported further and will mark it as finished.

This system will work by having a json database inside this repo that will rack up issues and pull requests generated by the program, posted with your account via the access token. Eventually this will end up being a github pages site where people can view whats being suggested etc. 

DISCLAIMER: We are not responsible for bad metadata of any kind (explicit, etc). It is up to MetMod's discression to punish those who post trolly content. 
Warning: Mods talk to each other, pulling crap on this may and will result in banning from other parts of Refracture.
